README.md, before:

# Scripts for Generating `scipy` + `numpy` dependencies that can work in a Lambda Layer

`numpy` and `scipy` especially are very large libraries when installed directly
from `pip`, usually coming in at over 250 MB together. This is generally [too
large](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/gettingstarted-limits.html)
to fit into a Lambda Function deployment package.

This builds upon the [excellent work](https://github.com/szelenka/shrink-linalg)
by @szelenka to produce a much smaller build from source of the two libraries
and packages them up as a Lambda Layer with the required dependencies.

## Prerequisites

* Docker

## Usage

To create a deployment package for your layer, you can simply run:

```
./make_layer.sh <python_version> <scipy_version> <numpy_version> [platform]
```

Note `python_version` must be a currently supported Lambda Python version.
`platform` is optional and defaults to `linux/amd64`.

This will start a Docker container based on the official AWS [SAM Build
Images](https://github.com/aws/aws-sam-build-images) that will compile stripped
down versions of scipy and numpy. Note that compilation may take some time.

The output of the script is a ZIP file named `scipy-1.8.1_numpy-1.23.0.zip`.
This ZIP file is a fully-prepared deployment package for a Lambda Layer and can
be deployed as-is using [your preferred
method](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html).

Commit message:

Add instructions to publish layer

README.md, after:

# Scripts for Generating `scipy` + `numpy` dependencies that can work in a Lambda Layer

`numpy` and `scipy` especially are very large libraries when installed directly
from `pip`, usually coming in at over 250 MB together. This is generally [too
large](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/gettingstarted-limits.html)
to fit into a Lambda Function deployment package.

This builds upon the [excellent work](https://github.com/szelenka/shrink-linalg)
by @szelenka to produce a much smaller build from source of the two libraries
and packages them up as a Lambda Layer with the required dependencies.

## Prerequisites

* Docker

## Usage

To create a deployment package for your layer, you can simply run:

```
./make_layer.sh <python_version> <scipy_version> <numpy_version> [platform]
```

Note `python_version` must be a currently supported Lambda Python version.
`platform` is optional and defaults to `linux/amd64`.

This will start a Docker container based on the official AWS [SAM Build
Images](https://github.com/aws/aws-sam-build-images) that will compile stripped
down versions of scipy and numpy. Note that compilation may take some time.

The output of the script is a ZIP file named `scipy-<version>_numpy-<version>.zip`.
This ZIP file is a fully-prepared deployment package for a Lambda Layer and can
be deployed as-is using [your preferred
method](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html).

An example using the AWS CLI:

```
aws lambda publish-layer-version --layer-name python3-8_x86_64_scipy-1-8-1_numpy-1-23-0 \
    --description "An ultra-lean AWS Lambda Layer containing scipy and numpy." \
    --license-info "MIT" \
    --zip-file fileb://scipy-1.8.1_numpy-1.23.0.zip \
    --compatible-runtimes python3.8 \
    --compatible-architectures "x86_64"
```
